All right.
So here we have a essentially a password lock out algorithm that we need to solve.
We need to find out if we are going to be able to input our password or if we're going to be locked
locked out after after a set amount of attempts.
So we're going to be passing in our password.
And then if we ever have more than 10 consecutive fails to log we are then going to say look it is you
are no longer passing and we are going to return true meaning you are locked out of your account.
Else return false meaning you logged in so you'll see here 11 are cool.
So this one is 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10.
So 10 attempts between two successful logons those We're going to return true because we're looking
at you out of your account so says is is that you know you know usually 10 10 is a lot.
So that's basically the objective here.
I don't envy hints for you.
This is just a basic logic type algorithm.
So this one is not too bad.
Well we're going to do here's where I initialize a count to zero.
This is going to be the count that we keep track of.
Essentially our failed password attempts and you know what let's change that goes with change to fill
the time.
So it's much better than counting.
And what we're going to do is to iterate through what does use a for loop because we're can't check
all the values.
And we are going to say lead attempt of attempts.
And on the bottom here if we don't fail out in our FOR loop we're going to return false because that
means that hey we're not getting locked out or we're going to return true.
So what do we how do we set our count.
Well what we're going to do is going to have a simple IF statement.
We know our check right if count is ever equal to 10.
We're we're going to return true because we have failed and this is actually failed attempts to not
count anymore.
Pay attention doing so.
But we need to Inkerman So every iteration we don't want to do just count plus plus failed attempts.
Plus plus.
Because it is going to return true every time because if we have 12 items it's going to you know get
10 and then go over.
So we just have to modify failed attempts on increasing by one what we're going to do here is we're
just going to turn every hour say look is an attempt every equal to our passcode meaning that it's correct.
If it is go ahead and reset failed attempts to zero else go at it and increment count failed attempts
as Losh and changed my variableness minute video and that's it really at the end.
So we're keeping track of the current count of failed attempts.
If it ever equals the passcode we are going to reset it if it ever equals 10 we're going to return true.
And if it iterates through the whole array we're going to turn or false because we never got locked
out of our account.